---
layout: post
title: Starting Over
location: Ottawa, Canada
excerpt: Inactivity, domain and hosting changes after a year.
---

This site used to be hosted on [HostingRails](http://hostingrails.com/), and have since used two different domain names: rosebery.ca, miffytrail.com. The main reason for recent domain name switches was simply because I did not find the name truly resonated with me. I wish I could have used my full name, but that will be utterly impossible, given how many Jennifer Lee(s) are out there... Hence, a blog redesign, and the name 'rue-tuscany' a.k.a Rue Tuscany. I don't know where the thoughts, if managed to be expressed in written form, will lead to. Let's hope better things will come out of it. I have had this writer's block for some time, and have been procrastinating away. On top of things, my grandfather passed away in mid August last year -- and I spent the last six months in Jakarta with on-and-off stomach problems -- part of why you don't see any updates since May 2010. I am trying to break habits by starting to fill out important things to note on my calendar book I received from my grandmother earlier this year. 

I find it difficult to keep up a regular blog. Blogging at least once per week would be the most to expect for now. But again, don't take my words for it. My cognitive ability has somewhat decreased since my graduate courses were completed over a year ago. Thinking that I could focus solely on my master thesis, and therefore postponed looking for jobs has no advantage at all. Perhaps it's time to admit I no longer have the capacity to engage in research intensive types of project, or I'm simply too stubborn to acknowledge that I can't be passionate enough in what I'm doing. Taking that into account, it will be reasonable to save money for the hosting. [Heroku](http://heroku.com/) came in just at the right time to host this site for free. A very good explanation on how to set it up to work with Jekyll can be found at this [blog post](http://datamangling.com/2010/07/Jekyll-on-Heroku). 
