---
layout: post
title: How To Let Them Be Weight Off Your Shoulders?
location: Ottawa, Canada
excerpt: Handling cristisms and letting go.
categories:
- well-being
---

The passing week has been intense to me. I was too fixated on certain things and didn't anticipate any disruptions to my plan. The result has been a rather chaotic week all the way down. I developed tiredness, and my sleep schedule was wreaked havoc given that I went to bed almost at dawn. In one occasion, some unknown guy was being very rude to me. I was looking for a way to get back to highway after dropping off my uncle to pick up his new car. As the street was crowded at that moment, I was unable to make a direct left turn to the route that usually brings me home. I went a bit further -- one traffic light ahead -- and I was able to make a left turn to a small street. I soon realized that I could make a U turn, before eventually turning right to the main street, which would bring me back to the highway. So I did that almost instantly as the opposite road was clear. But I forgot to make a left signal in doing so. 

What happened next was a little bizzare and disheartening. I was definitely at fault for forgetting to turn on the signal, and I have to keep this in mind to be more careful next time. The reaction I got stayed in my head for a bit that evening... It was not just the loud horning coming from the car behind me, but the words uttered from the stranger behind the wheel. For a long time, even my own family members and friends have never treated me that way. On the other hand, I have encountered many good samaritans. I need to be prepared to face similar things in the future.

I talked about what happened to my aunt, and she's very understanding. Then I discussed it with his husband (my uncle) as it had always been the case for the past years. His feedback was not very positive, but I agreed with him regarding my carelessness. He also pointed out other things that I'm not doing well. For example, how close I position myself to the driving wheel. He always tells me that I'm not relaxed enough. I wouldn't think so at first, because my legs are not long enough. I also don't think I sit extremely close to the wheel as he demonstrated. I took his words before, and have adjusted the distance over the course of several years, each time a little farther back. 

I was indeed nervous five years ago when I started. Ever since, I have always driven the way I thought was comfortable that allowed me to have more control of the car without any problems. Is it a matter of preferences? I started to think about it, but I'm not sure if it will in fact be more effective if I adjust the position farther than it is now . Perhaps I need to drive that way long enough in order to see if they work for me. I tried his suggestion in the past, but found it harder to control the car. Moreover, everytime he sat next to me when I drove, I became nervous although I really appreciated that he cautioned myself to any dangerous situation.

> **Edit**: OK, I was in a miserable mood while writing this post (accumulation of the same issues for several years), and I'm really not good at handling criticism. I should really let it go despite how he decided to portrait me negatively to my family. I need to think about my aunt who has been giving me a home to stay and grow in Canada all these years. The little things should be negligable, and I always have a choice not to let them affect me. Only when I'm truly done with my study, my happiness and freedom will no longer be tied to compromise and pretense. Never take it for granted when we can still live together with our parents, brothers/sisters, and grandparents.

There's a tremendous difficulty in differentiating between genuine, objective criticism from the ones that are not. I lost a good friend because I couldn't stand her constant dissatisfaction. I simply disappeared. Looking back, things didn't have to unfold that way. There are times in our life that we need someone who cares enough to criticize. Perhaps we would still be hanging out together if I had asked her for suggestions on the things I could improve. The criticism were perceived as hard, because I didn't know how to react to them. I felt I had no other choice other than losing my true self. What else I could have done when she told me she's tired to hear my story. It was hard to pretend that things were good while they were not as a matter of fact. I miss the time when we spent the weekends studying together at the library until late at night.

I wish someone would tell me if I was simply delusional and too sensitive. Is there a way to tell whether a criticism is indeed an objective and constructive one, or it simply comes from the person who dislikes you, the one who has grown tired of you? How to go to the bed at night without carrying all these thoughts with you? I just feel the need to address this root of sadness. I am afraid that I still do not know how to deal with it if the very same issue presents itself in my future relationships. Life does not feel like life if I always feel like a coward, running away from potential friends. I have thought of meditation as one way to improve my situation, but it is not easy to practice mindful meditation.
